key - 0xABCDEF0123456789ABC2014200380359
offset- 11
Plaintext- 
The Department of Computer Science offers programs of study related to computing, information technology and software design and application. Our programs involve interdepartmental, multi-institutional and inter-institutional collaboration and have attracted faculty members, undergraduate and graduate students from all over the world. Students may pursue full-time or part-time study leading to a Certificate in Computer Science or to B.Sc., M.Sc., or Ph.D. degree.The Department currently offers B.Sc., B.Sc. Honours, B.Sc. Computer Science/Mathematics, B.Sc. Honours Computer Science/Mathematicsss, B.Sc. in Software System Development degrees in its undergraduate program, and M.Sc. and Ph.D. degrees in its graduate program.The Department operates a program in cooperative University education in the four-year degree programs. Following the first two semesters of University courses, students spend alternate four-month periods taking courses and working in fully salaried computer science for




Long Text
The Department of Computer Science offers programs of study related to computing, information technology and software design and application. Our programs involve interdepartmental, multi-institutional and inter-institutional collaboration and have attracted faculty members, undergraduate and graduate students from all over the world. Students may pursue full-time or part-time study leading to a Certificate in Computer Science or to B.Sc., M.Sc., or Ph.D. degree.The Department currently offers B.Sc., B.Sc. Honours, B.Sc. Computer Science/Mathematics, B.Sc. Honours Computer Science/Mathematicsss, B.Sc. in Software System Development degrees in its undergraduate program, and M.Sc. and Ph.D. degrees in its graduate program.The Department operates a program in cooperative University education in the four-year degree programs. Following the first two semesters of University courses, students spend alternate four-month periods taking courses and working in fully salaried computer science for The Department of Computer Science offers programs of study related to computing, information technology and software design and application. Our programs involve interdepartmental, multi-institutional and inter-institutional collaboration and have attracted faculty members, undergraduate and graduate students from all over the world. Students may pursue full-time or part-time study leading to a Certificate in Computer Science or to B.Sc., M.Sc., or Ph.D. degree.The Department currently offers B.Sc., B.Sc. Honours, B.Sc. Computer Science/Mathematics, B.Sc. Honours Computer Science/Mathematicsss, B.Sc. in Software System Development degrees in its undergraduate program, and M.Sc. and Ph.D. degrees in its graduate program.The Department operates a program in cooperative University education in the four-year degree programs. Following the first two semesters of University courses, students spend alternate four-month periods taking courses and working in fully salaried computer science for
